Module #1	Into to web development		est 20-30 min

POCO 101 prereq 

* a google drive account with a photo loaded on it.

1. define the title web developer

	*"Can anyone tell me what a web developer does?"

	*"A web developer is a programmer who specializes in,
	 or is specifically engaged in, the development of World Wide Web applications,
	 or distributed network applications that are run over HTTP from a web server to a web browser."
	- Wikipedia

	*"basicaly, we make everything on the internet"

	*recite favorite websites (facebook,google, etc.)

	*Big promise: "at the end of this class you will all be front end web developers.
			That means we're going to teach you all the basics needed to make the part of 
			a website that people see and use.
			And after we're done with that we're going to teach you how to teach yourself.
			Because anyone can learn to do this job.
			You can learn it at home.You can learn it at any age. You can learn it as fast or as
			slow as you want. And it's you can learn it for free.
			The only requirments are a computer, an internet connection, hardwork, and imagination.
			And that's why I love it so much.
			 
	* explain the project: "Today we're going to build a website.But not just any website. today 
				we're going to buid your portfolio site.The idea is anytime you learn something new 
				about coding you can use it to update this site. Anytime you make something cool
				That you want to show to the world you can put it on this site. And then one
				day someone will find this site and ask you to build something for them. If 
				you work hard and spend an hour a day working on this site you will find yourself
				with a good job doing something fun everday."
 
2.preview finished product (resume/portfolio)

	*pull up example site on browser
	
	*"The best part about this site is it can stay with you forever.
	As you learn more about coding you can come back and improve it
	 Evertime you build something cool you can show the 
	world. "

	*walk through the page sections and instruct the class to start thinking about what to fill in.
 
3.Hello world.
	*open a browser and text editor

	*have students type hello world and save as html file

	*drag and drop file for 'aha' moment

4.How the web works(how did the hello world trick work)

	*explain the difference between browser and server
		"The internet is just a big network of computers that talk to each other and share files.
			There are two types of computers on this network.They're called clients and servers.A server
			stores the files that make up a website.Like the file we just made to write hello world on the screen.
			A client is your computer.How do you view a website?You type it's name into browser! The browser uses that
			name to find a server then it asks the server for the files to build the website you asked for.The browser
			then reads the files like instuctions or blue prints and builds the website right before your eyes.
			Since our file was already on your computer all we had to do was give it to the browser.Them the browser
			read it and builds it and you have your first webpage!

	*quick description of the big three of front end development (html,css,javascript)
		#"Let's start with html. That's the type of file we just used to write hello world
			 This is the simplest programming language you can learn. basicaly it's a list
			of all the things you want in your website. paragraphs,links, pictures are all listed with html. 
			we're going to learn how to use this first."

		#"Next we have CSS. It makes things pretty,that's all it does.Your background color, font sizes, even 
			where everything is laid out on your page is controled by CSS."

		#"Javascript is where things get a little tricky.This is the language that does all the cool stuff.
			It can build anything from calculaters to video games.
			It's not hard to learn but it takes a little longer to explain
			than four hours.So today we're going to show you a little bit of a special type of javascript 
			called jQuery. We're going to use it to build something called an accordian on your site. "

	
	